Update and extend lazer mod articles (#14794)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Difficulty_Adjust/en.md

| Acronym | DA |
| Type | Conversion |
| Game modes | ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania] |
| Score multiplier | `0.50x` |
| Status | Unranked |
| Incompatible mods ![][osu!] | [Easy (EZ)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Easy_(lazer)), [Hard Rock (HR)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock_(lazer)), [Target Practice (TP)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Target_Practice_(lazer)) |
| Incompatible mods ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania] | [Easy (EZ)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Easy_(lazer)), [Hard Rock (HR)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock_(lazer)) |

:::

::: alert-note
**Note:** For the full list of all [lazer](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) mods, see [Game modifier (lazer)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer))
:::

Difficulty Adjust allows players to change the difficulty settings of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap). Which settings can be changed depends on the selected [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode).

## Customisation

> ### osu! ![][osu!]

Reviewer: just noticed this (not sure if it happens in other files as well), but the logo should come first instead:
```suggestion
### ![][osu!] osu!
```

![Difficulty Adjust customisation options in the game client (osu!)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer)/img/customise/DA0.png)

> - **Circle Size** (0.0–10.0, default: CS of selected beatmap): Change the [circle size](/wiki/Beatmap/Circle_size) to a specific value.

Reviewer: I think using integer values in the whole article where possible will make it much easier on the eyes due to the fact that you have a lot of unnecessarily precise repetitions here (0.0 is the same as 0, etc)

Author: The idea here was to indicate the precision of each setting (e.g. Extra Lives setting in EZ can be customised 0-10, while CS in DA can be customised 0.0-10.0 because the Extra Lives setting can only be adjusted to integers while DA settings can be refined with one decimal place).

But for readability I switched to integers, as suggested.

- **HP Drain** (0.0–10.0, default: HP of selected beatmap): Change the [HP drain rate](/wiki/Beatmap/HP_drain_rate) to a specific value.
- **Accuracy** (0.0–10.0, default: OD of selected beatmap): Change the [overall difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Overall_difficulty) to a specific value.
- **Approach Rate** (0.0–10.0, default: AR of selected beatmap): Change the [approach rate](/wiki/Beatmap/Approach_rate) to a specific value.

> - **Extended Limits** (default: disabled): Allows the user to increase **Circle Size**, **HP Drain** and **Accuracy** up to 11 and to adjust **Approach Rate** between -10 and 11.

Reviewer: this caught me off-guard, but then I remembered that negative AR *is* a thing. any ideas on how to possibly communicate to the reader that this is not a typo?

Author: How about something like this?
```suggestion
- **Extended Limits** (default: disabled): Allows the user to increase **Circle Size**, **HP Drain**, **Accuracy** and **Approach Rate** up to 11. Additionally, the approach rate can be adjusted to negative values (down to -10).
```

Reviewer: yeah, reads better

- **Accuracy** (0.0–10.0, default: OD of selected beatmap): Change the [overall difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Overall_difficulty) to a specific value.
- **Scroll Speed** (0.25–4.0, default: SS of selected beatmap): Change the scroll speed to a specific value.
- **Extended Limits** (default: disabled): Allows the user to increase **HP Drain** and **Accuracy** up to 11.

### osu!catch ![][osu!catch]

![Difficulty Adjust customisation options in the game client (osu!catch)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer)/img/customise/DA2.png)

- **Circle Size** (0.0–10.0, default: CS of selected beatmap): Change the [circle size](/wiki/Beatmap/Circle_size) to a specific value.
- **HP Drain** (0.0–10.0, default: HP of selected beatmap): Change the [HP drain rate](/wiki/Beatmap/HP_drain_rate) to a specific value.
- **Accuracy** (0.0–10.0, default: OD of selected beatmap): Change the [overall difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Overall_difficulty) to a specific value.
- **Approach Rate** (0.0–10.0, default: AR of selected beatmap): Change the [approach rate](/wiki/Beatmap/Approach_rate) to a specific value.

> - **Spicy Patterns** (default: disabled): Increase the difficulty of some patterns as if [Hard Rock (HR)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock_(lazer)) is enabled.

Reviewer: > as if Hard Rock (HR) is enabled

I see that the description comes from the lazer itself, but this is vague.. any known details as to what it changes?

Author: idk, it just moves some objects a bit in a random direction?

https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock#osu!catch

https://github.com/ppy/osu/blob/e63005df4b742d5e6520cef47870b1299722cac5/osu.Game.Rulesets.Catch/Beatmaps/CatchBeatmapProcessor.cs#L116

Reviewer: oh, the first link provides a good explanation -- could you instead link it like this?

```suggestion
- **Spicy Patterns** (default: disabled): Increase the difficulty of some patterns [as if Hard Rock (HR) is enabled](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock#osu!catch).
```

I realize it leads to the stable version of the article, but the lazer one is pretty slim

Author: All the lazer mod articles are stubs, so I think it's fine to link the stable article here.

Also added this link to the catch section in HR (lazer), dunno if that's good.

| Game modes | ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania] |
| Score multiplier | 0.50x |
| Status | Unranked |

> | Incompatible mods | [Easy (EZ)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Easy_(lazer)), [Hard Rock (HR)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Hard_Rock_(lazer)), [Target Practice (TP)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Target_Practice_(lazer)) |

Reviewer 2: Target Practice is osu! ruleset only mode, maybe split it like the other.

Author: I guess, but this applies to many other mods as well (SD or AT for example) and I don't know if it is really necessary. I personally read this as "DA is incompatible with EZ, HR and TP in every ruleset where these mods exist".
That's why I only changed it for things like FL, cause here FL and HD exist in multiple rulesets but are only incompatible in one.

Reviewer 2: If that's the case, I think we should make it consistent across this article.

Needs the maintainer's opinion about this.

Author: Should be consistent now (did it as you suggested, makes a lot more sense for some mods).
